It's just an adopted child.
A small throne.
Let a small person like you succeed.
You're a piece of mud that can't support a wall.
The chief princess is the founding marshal of our Great Xia.
The heroine can't be doubted.
The whole House respected her.
We are now the adopted children of the princess.
Over time to position the official weight
Under one thousand people.
Jen, why are you saying this to a village girl?
She's never been to the village gate.
I'm afraid she thinks the village chief is the emperor.
Ha ha ha ha ha
Maybe she knows Liu Xiang, and her ancestral grave is smoking green.
Power is like a cloud of smoke
Won today.
Sparkling into bubbles
Everyone knows the princess's reputation.
But I don't know if the princess is a loyal person.
Not a bully.
What you did today.
It will soon make you regret it.
Ly Van Hieu
I'll tell you what regret is.
When you die, you're still pretending.
You really don't know how many pens a dead letter has.
Someone held her back for me.
Let him get up my ass.
Then beat him to death.
Pull out to feed the dog.
Animals
For the sake of the woman who raised you for 20 years.
Leave you a few faces.
But what you did today didn't deserve to be human.
I absolutely can't forgive you.
Canh School
Why be angry with this clown?
Take an order.
Remove the identity of Princess Ly Van Hieu
Take away his pride.
The peaceful king.
Yes.
Ly Hue Ninh
Who do you think you are?
I am the adopted son of the chief princess.
You call yourself the King of Peace.
Why did you cancel my identity?
Even if he's the prime minister.
He couldn't touch me either.
Later before speaking out loud.
Consider how many pounds you end up weighing.
Go.
I want to see it today.
Who can cast me away